Welcome to my journey in cybersecurity! Here, I track my progression in the field, documenting projects, achievements, and struggles. A little bit about me, I am a Bachelor's student at SANS Technical Institute. I got interested in computers and how they work in my teen years, building custom computers for myself, family, and friends. I knew I had a passion for computers and had always thought the idea of hacking was interesting. I rolled with that passion and started school at UCCS before hearing about SANS and transferring to their program. While most of my previous jobs have mainly revolved around manual labor, I have been fortunate to pursue this passion of mine and continue to learn and grow in the field.

**National Cyber League Spring 2026**

This was my very first CTF experience. To be completely honest, I was quite nervous about not doing well. After the practice game, I felt a lot more confident with how the platform worked as well as the type of questions and categories that would be involved. 

The Individual game proved to be very difficult for me. I had a harder time with some of the "easy" questions compared to more challenging questions. I was able to slowly work my way to 61% completion by the end of the game. I struggled a lot, and google searched even more. While there were moments where I wanted to throw in the towel, I am glad that I stuck with it and tried my best. I learned a lot while working through the challenges and was able to find some great resources for future use. Though I was a bit frustrated with my end result, I have been able to redirect that into a passion to learn more and get better. Out of 7011 players, I was able to achieve 1008th place, which I was suprised and happy about for my first CTF.

Individual Game Scouting Report: www.cyberskyline.com/report/HMBEJTTVVU5H

The Team game was a great experience working with others. We worked very well together and seemed to compiment each other's strengths and weaknesses very well. The group was extremely supportive when someone was frustrated or when confidence was low. We managed to do very well, achieving a 93.8% completion with 76.7% accuracy. I initially worked on the password cracking section and was able to complete all but one challenge. After completing that, we worked together on challenges others were stuck on and managed to get through most of the problems. I was extremely impressed with how well we got along and how well we did in the competition. Out of 3634 teams in the Standard bracket, we placed 122nd!

Team Game Scouting Report: www.cyberskyline.com/report/28Q7KQEWX845
